# letrosespeak
Reaching those who are unreachable.  By connecting with you through speaking , group coaching , and one-on-one coaching ,  by relating with you on a personal level , motivating you  and giving you the  skills  and tools you will need to excel your life to the next level.  The mission in every facet of my work is, To enrich my community with my knowledge, to help  empower them in the most powerful way, to help them get to the ultimate level in their life,  and awaken their inter-self, and inter-drive, so they may fulfill their true life purpose.    I created an amazing, happy household with three beautiful children. My daughter has attention  deficit disorder; my son has Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. I do not believe these  disorders have to hinder their life in any manner if we work through it together. Therefore,  I have personal and relatable experiences to share with you. Being a single mother myself,  I know first-hand accounts of the problems I coach through and speak about.     I obtained a degree in applied science paralegal and worked in the nursing field for 8 years.  I helped people and I cared for them. But despite loving my job immensely, I wanted to impact  a larger audience and do my part in helping create a better, improved, more positive world.  Certified through master coach university, I started coaching in 2013. It was a dream that came  to fruition with your trust in me and in my abilities to help you.    I am still currently enrolled in master coach university, dedicating myself to the self-development  and self-assurance of women with any post-traumatic or personality disorders. I can help you regain  the zeal of life and recover all you’ve been missing. If you and I work together, today, now; I believe  we can build a better, more effective you and a better you can create a newer, better world.
